Test map.html on Mac OSX and IE and other browsers(Including error handling like 
invalid latitude)
Works on IE, Havent tested latitude check on IE nor confirmed it breaks when it 
should

test makefile and launch program(Esp bc unistd.h and sleep() function) on 
Windows and Mac OSX
^Works with windows with TDM-GCC, yet to test on Mac

Make sure all chapters are C90 compatible or if a specific program isnt, mention 
it in C90-Compatibility.txt. If a chapter is not mentioned in that file, it has 
yet to be checked.

80-Column rule should be abided by assuming width 8 tabs? But you're using 4. 
Many would not abide by 80 column rule if so. ? Be sure to decide before release
Convert all tabs to 4 spaces for this reason? Note in Tabs*.txt

It seems that testwords.c is about removing the trailing newline scanf leaves 
behind. Look further into this and modify your comment(Wherever it is) about 
such

find first time book started using -o with gcc -c and note it is not necessary.

Further research into Dynamic libraries vs static libraries and why one is 
better than the other in specific situations
And of course, pass this knowledge onto the reader

chapter8 is much better but will still need to be checked and improved 
thoroughly for documentation compatibility with OS other than Unix-like, most 
prominently Windows.

Got the correct libl.a from Mac OSX 10.5 SDK but nm says "Format not recognized" 
On my linux system. Why?

find where size_t first used and note headers that it is included in, same with 
NULL and anything else not language defined

why gcc need library includes after source code? its usually pretty chill about 
placement

for further investigation: Does passing environment variables to a process 
create any lasting effect or are the environment variables only visible to the 
process then deleted when it ends? Or are they visible to all processes but 
deleted when the one that called the thing with the environment variable ends?
Do they set or add to an existing environment variable?

check oggswing.c (chapter4) and at least try to make it work on other OS and/or 
provide documentation to make it work
